very good my dear lovers of the
heart attention a lot of attention
because marta riesgo has written a
statement right now on her account and
will urge against alecsandro lequio i
read it and each one is free to give their opinion and
think what they want you know that there are
many people who do not believe or do not
take very seriously the sick leave that
this young lady took the other week after having
been collaborating on sálvame
intervening in a laughter program with
kiko hernández right after she went
to the lopez ibor entered her on foot then after a
while she left on foot too and almost a
block away a car came to pick her up and she was
taking sick leave because she could not take
the media pressure anymore okay then
many colleagues well no no they do not
believe it they
think that it is some kind of strategy whatever it
is and she responds especially
alessandro lecquio with this type of
statement in these times where
we are so united with issues of
mental health there is a colleague of mine
to whom I have never done anything
precisely the opposite is dedicated to
questioning my sick leave  9 days old
given by a doctor and certified by a
public hospital and without it having been
revealed what the report says exactly is the
lowest, lamentable and
shameful thing I have ever seen in my life. He has been
disqualifying me non-stop for day with
sexist and degrading comments towards
me, but today's thing has gone through
several levels and not only hurting
me and my family but all those
who, like me, have needed or need
help. A little empathy, Mr.
Alessandro Lecquio, because what
happened to me, no one is exempt,
not even you. And above all, I am writing
this so that people like him can
shame those of you who have
problems, ask for help and tell others. You can
also help a lot of people.
Here, the truth is, bringing in
sexism and saying that he is not
supporting me is offending
everyone. He should unsubscribe
as if he were offending everyone who has
mental problems. Today I would just
take him off. Okay, I don't think you should
use that for anything. No, if you have to
say something to him, Alessandro Lecquio.  He
says it but in the end they are commentators
who have the right to express their opinions as long as they do not
insult or defame. I do
n't know what they
mean by sexist comments.
What has been said in
the corridors is that Marta has not been
very discreet when it comes to her
relationship with Antonio. But well, what do
you think? I read the statement. I
will simply be choosing you
in the comments box. Please do not
disrespect anyone, nor do you disrespect anyone.
You lie to yourself or to the protagonists of the
video as always. And we will see each other in the
next news.
A hug, people.
[Music]